{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh12900\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 CAPITAL CALLS BIOS\
\
Mission Statement\
\
Our passion for water- fowling and the outdoors is second to none. Together we have  harnessed this passion to create products for hunters, by hunters. We are stopping at nothing to offer  the best water fowling products  in all of Canada. \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 FOUNDERS\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Eric Gryba (Co- Founder)
\b0 \
\
Hometown: Saskatoon, Saskatchewan\
Profession: Professional Hockey Player (Ottawa Senators)\
\
Before Eric put on his first pair of skates on at the age of 4, he was already retrieving ducks and geese from the field like a veteran bird dog.  His passion for the outdoors has grown over the years into a lifestyle. There are three things that give Eric purpose on this earth; family, hunting and hockey.  Being a 4th generation outdoorsman, you could say its in his blood. As a professional hockey player, Eric has learned the value of hard work, discipline and striving to be the best. These characteristics have transferred into Eric's passion for the outdoors and his desire to help create products for the hardcore water-fowler.\
\
\

\b Ryan Reynolds(Co-Founder)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
Hometown:\
Profession:\
\
Ryan was raised in a hunting family and his outdoor heritage runs deep. A 3rd generation outdoorsman, he has been fortunate enough to turn his hobby into every water fowlers dream. Ryan has guided for waterfowl all over Canada. He has spent over 100 days in the field for ten years chasing waterfowl throughout Canada and the US. This veteran hunter is equip with the knowledge and resources to deal with almost any hunting scenario. \
\
If this hunting experience and knowledge is not impressive enough, he has also been successful on the calling contest stage. With multiple top placings and wins under his belt, Ryan is as complete as a water-fowler as you will find. Ryan is also passionate about introducing kids and new hunters to the sport that is soul deeply ingrained in who he is.\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Dustin Pritchard(Co-Founder)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
Hometown:\
Profession\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 CELEBRITY PRO-STAFF\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Zach Smith\
\
Mark Borovieski\
\
David Booth???
\fs36 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 PRO-STAFF\

\b0 \

\b\fs24 Chris Holwager\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
Hometown: Vergennes, Vermont\
Profession: \
\
Chris has been a hardcore water fowler since the age of 14. He is third generation outdoorsman who was originally introduced by his uncle and grandfather. Since the first taste of bird hunting, he has become an avid hunter and caller. Chris has hunted throughout Vermont and has seen what Canada has to offer in his hunting trips up to Ontario.\
\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Alex Begg\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
Hometown:\
Profession:\
\
Alex has been hunting waterfowl since he was 13 years old. Alex enjoys all aspects of the outdoors. Other than hunting waterfowl in his free time, he also hunts big game and fishes. Just like the rest of us, he loves the challenges of calling and persuading ducks and geese right into the spread. As many of us know, sometimes the best companion in the blind is a loyal dog. Last year Alex recruited a pup named Trigger as a hunting partner. With countless hours training Trigger to retrieve ducks and geese, Alex has created another great bird dog to share the blind with.\
\
\
\
\
 }